Create troubleshooting section (#501)
rancher/elemental: docs/troubleshooting-restore.md

---
sidebar_label: Restore
title: ''
---

# Troubleshooting restore

:::warning warning

> Try to not restart `rancher-system-agent` on elemental nodes, otherwise it can stuck in following error
> 
> `panic: error while connecting to Kubernetes cluster: the server has asked for the client to provide credentials`
> 
> If this problem occurs please go with procedure below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a restore is performed, do not restart the `rancher-system-agent` on elemental nodes as it can stale and end with the following error:

`panic: error while connecting to Kubernetes cluster: the server has asked for the client to provide credentials`

If you face this problem, please follow the procedure below.
```

Author: updated

:::

> Copy `/var/lib/rancher/agent/rancher2_connection_info.json` from elemental node to place where you have access to Kubernetes with Rancher UI
> 
> Download `rancher-agent-token-update.sh` script which from [Elemental repository](https://github.com/rancher/elemental)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you initiate a restore, you need to copy `/var/lib/rancher/agent/rancher2_connection_info.json` from the elemental node to a place where you have access with Rancher UI.

Once the file is copied, download the `rancher-agent-token-update.sh` script from the [Elemental repository](https://github.com/rancher/elemental):
```

Author: updated

```shell showLineNumbers
wget -q https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rancher/elemental/main/scripts/rancher-agent-token-update && chmod +x rancher-agent-token-update
```

> Execute script without any additional commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute the script without any additional options:
```

```shell showLineNumbers

> rancher-agent-token-update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./rancher-agent-token-update
```

```

> After it will finish successfully, copy back `rancher2_connection_info.json` to the elemental node 
> `/var/lib/rancher/agent/rancher2_connection_info.json` and restart there `rancher-system-agent` service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the restore successfully completed, copy `rancher2_connection_info.json` back to the elemental node to the path
`/var/lib/rancher/agent/rancher2_connection_info.json`. Finally, restart the `rancher-system-agent` service:
```

Author: updated
